Writing your Code Summary
It is important that you complete your Code Summary before moving on to your next course. It will be much easier to write your summary while your project is still fresh in your mind. For your code summary, you will need to:

Create a new repository in Github to store code snippets and screenshots of the work you have completed during your sprint. You can do this by creating files in your repository. Please do not push the entire project up to your repository.
You will also need to create a README file to tell others(such as hiring managers) about what you did on your live project. Take a look at this sample code summary  to get a better idea of what is expected of you.
A README file should contain useful information about your project and serve as a kind of manual. You should not put every single line of code that you have written in this document. Just the code for key features in your app. If you wish to add all your code, you should do so by creating additional files in your repository.

Writing your README
Start with an introduction, describing what your app is about. Mention the technologies used, like the Django Framework.
Create sections for CRUD functionality, Web Scraping, API, and Front end development. This depends on how many stories you have completed as well. You can refer to this document  for a template specific to our Python Live Project. It is always a good idea to customize it as you see fit.
Use appropriate technical terms. You can refer to this document  for some terms that you should include. Be careful not to use terms incorrectly. If you are unsure, always look it up first.
If possible, take videos of yourself navigating through your application. You can use Screencastify, a Chrome extension, to do so. It would be a good idea to break them up so that the videos are not too long. You could have one video per feature. You can't put videos on GitHub README files, but you can add GIFs. This website  allows you to convert videos to GIFs.


https://github.com/BenjaminLSchwab/JobPlacementDashboard

template specx https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NuhWe3Sa0RPdyM4bPmrBe--P8V7ri8t5G9OipMEhdGk/edit

tech terms https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BbHVev8L0QH6AFaUdf3LD-Y6dkYYqcmuAvgyhesW1bY/edit

Videos?

editing markdown  https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown

github docs https://docs.github.com/en 